adding rum-cli-examples (#8984)
aws/aws-cli: awscli/examples/rum/batch-create-rum-metric-definitions.rst

**To specify the extended metrics and custom metrics that you want a CloudWatch RUM app monitor to send to a destination**

> The following ``batch-create-rum-metric-definitions`` specifies the extended metrics and custom metrics that you want a CloudWatch RUM app monitor to send to a destination. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following ``batch-create-rum-metric-definitions`` example has a CloudWatch RUM app monitor send extended and custom metrics to the specified destination. ::
```

Author: fixed

    aws rum batch-create-rum-metric-definitions \
        --app-monitor-name MyWebApp \
        --destination CloudWatch \
        --metric-definitions 'Namespace=PageVisit,Name=AmazonVisitCount,DimensionKeys={event_details.current_url=URL},EventPattern='{"metadata":{"browserName":["Chrome"]},"event_type":["my_custom_event"],"event_details":{"current_url":["amazonaws.com"]}}''

Output::

    {

> 		"Errors": [],

Author: updated

> 		"Errors": [],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "Errors": [],
```

Author: fixed formatting

> 		"MetricDefinitions": [

Author: updated

> 		"MetricDefinitions": [

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "MetricDefinitions": [
```

Author: fixed formatting

        {
            "DimensionKeys": {
                "event_details.current_url": "URL"
            },
            "EventPattern": "{\"metadata\":{\"browserName\":[\"Chrome\"]},\"event_type\":[\"my_custom_event\"],\"event_details\":{\"current_url\":[\"amazonaws.com\"]}}",
            "MetricDefinitionId": "8b67gh3-r678-q987-a576-b9fj7kf234kd",
            "Name": "AmazonVisitCount",
            "Namespace": "PageVisit"
        }

> 		]

Author: updated

> 	}

Author: updated

> 		]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        ]
```

Author: fixed formatting

> 	}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    }
```
